add nwaku guides (#71)
waku-org/docs.waku.org: docs/overview/concepts/static-peers.md

---
title: Static Peers
---

> Waku applications have the flexibility to embed bootstrap node addresses directly into their codebase. Developers can either use [static peers by Status](https://github.com/waku-org/js-waku/blob/master/packages/core/src/lib/predefined_bootstrap_nodes.ts#L45) or [run a node](/guides/nodes-and-sdks#run-a-waku-node) per their preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Waku applications have the flexibility to embed bootstrap node addresses directly into their codebase. Developers can either use [static peers operated by Status](https://github.com/waku-org/js-waku/blob/master/packages/core/src/lib/predefined_bootstrap_nodes.ts#L45) or [run a node](/guides/nodes-and-sdks#run-a-waku-node).
```

"per their preference" sounds odd
